[Music]
well hi if you're ready to check your
eye for detail and practice your lateral
thinking skills what are you looking at
me for oh you want the riddles
yeah these riddles are just what you
need some brain teasers might seem hard
at first but their mind sharpening
benefits are worth all the effort are
you ready to get the following riddles a
try here we go a menacing house Michael
got lost when he was mushroom hunting
yeah those wily mushrooms are full of
cunning after hours of trying to find
his way out of the woods he came across
a house that seemed to be deserted he
decided to try his luck and ask for
directions when he entered the house the
door slammed behind his back with a loud
bang he heard an eerie voice you've
entered my home uninvited and you won't
believe it easily Michael found himself
in a room with three doors the voice
sounded again only one of these doors
leads to freedom behind the first you'll
find starving wolves who won't think
twice about making you their dinner the
second or hides millions of venomous
spiders if you open the third door
you'll be met by a raging fire choose
wisely
you have only seven seconds to find your
way to freedom
[Music]
Michael should choose the third door
he'll then just need to wait until the
fire goes out philosophy students can
under up you're a student and you have
an important philosophy exam today big
stress you like most of your peers
haven't attended many classes or learned
anything this semester when you come to
the exam the teacher puts a chair in the
center of the classroom and says none of
you learn my subject
everyone will have the same chance to
pass it see this chair right evidence
that it doesn't exist
the person who convinces me of this will
pass now setting aside the fact that the
teacher sounds just like the spook and
the first question what should you write
to ace the exam the correct answer is
what share a lake island mary is
stranded on an island in the middle of
an enormous deep lake she can't swim and
doesn't have a boat the nearest town is
on the shore five miles away from her
all she has is three ropes each of them
are two feet long three hours later Mary
reaches the town how did she manage to
escape from the island well it's whitter
and the lake is frozen Mary simply
crossed the lake on the ice twins but
not twins Bill and Joe are twins born
just one minute apart with Bill being
the older of the two but for some reason
they celebrate their birthdays two days
apart once every several years how is
this possible
[Music]
bill was born at 11:59 p.m. on February
28th it wasn't a leap here so Joe who
came a minute later was born on March
1st that's why during leap years they
have two days of difference life is
unfair after a particularly heavy
snowfall it led up Daniel went outside
and discovered that there was twice as
much snow in his yard as in his
neighbor's but Daniel didn't look
surprised at all how come try to shovel
your way to the truth in the next seven
seconds
there's no mystery to this whatsoever
Daniels yard is two times bigger than
his neighbor's Ann's bizarre food
preferences and likes Tomatoes but not
potatoes
she eats grapes but not lettuce she
loves Peas but can't stand onions she
can eat cucumbers but avoids carrots can
you figure out if this picky
prefers apples or pumpkins
[Music]
and will always choose a good orange
pumpkin because she only eats fruits and
veggies that grow on a vine a creepy
well Richard was returning home after a
long day at work
he was walking through the park when he
heard footsteps behind and everything
went dark he woke up in a well luckily
there wasn't too much water in it but as
soon as Richard tried to climb out of
the well he realized that the walls were
too slippery he then noticed a rope with
a bucket tied to it the bucket was
hanging pretty low but try as he might
poor Richard couldn't reach it after
giving this problem some thought though
he found the solution just fifteen
minutes later he was out and running to
safety can you deduce how Richard
escaped he took his shoes off and threw
them into the bucket one by one the
added weight brought the bucket down and
Richard managed to escape an unfriendly
shop owner Jacob owned an electronics
store in the small town one day a
massive crowd of people showed up and no
wonder a new $1000 gaming console had
just hit the shelves Jacob was swamped
with sales from morning to late evening
just as he was about to close
a man rushed in to make a purchase he
asked for a console and handed Jacob two
bills he had enough money to buy the
console and it didn't even need change
but the store owner immediately called
the police why
[Music]
the console cost $1,000 but the man gave
Jacob only two bills it means they were
worth $500 each and those don't exist
penny riddle why are 1990 pennies worth
more than 1989 pennies
well for the same reason why ten pennies
are worth more than nine these are not
years but the number of pennies a
dangerous fall Mary was standing on an
80-foot long ladder with a bucket of
paint don't ask me why
suddenly she slipped from the ladder and
fell to the ground but besides spilling
all the paint she didn't get injured at
all how come
[Music]
the letter was lying on the ground the
power of prediction
mr. Jenkins doesn't have any superpowers
but he can predict the score of any
football match before it begins how you
could do that kind of prediction to the
score of any football match before it
begins is zero zero a fellow traveler
James was travelling by train with only
a light backpack full of money he was
going to help his mom buy a car on the
train he got acquainted with mr. Brown
the two men had a nice chat but then
James dozed off when the train arrived
at James Station mr. Brown was nowhere
to be seen James picked up his backpack
and although it looked exactly like his
there was no money inside the bag was
filled with screws and nails
James rushed after mr. Brown and saw the
man carrying an identical backpack after
James called over a police officer mr.
Brown explained that he had taken the
wrong backpack by mistake the police
officer still arrested him why
[Music]
mr. Brown couldn't mix up the backpacks
because the one filled with nails and
screws had to be way heavier than the
one with the money an unlucky skydiver
NIC was an experienced skydiver but one
day something went terribly wrong a
strong wind blew him into the forest and
the man found himself among dense trees
with no food or water soon
NIC saw four roads in front of him one
led to a supermassive black hole that
was swallowing everything around the
second ended up in a river full of
piranhas the third Road led to mountains
that were impossible to climb and the
fourth road ended in an infinite abyss
which path should Nick take he should
follow the third road
no one said he had to climb over the
mountains he can simply go around them
tricky math how many times can you
subtract two from 50
[Music]
only once after that you'd be
subtracting it from 48 a magic ball you
throw a ball as hard as you can it
doesn't bounce off anything and there's
nobody else there but you yet this ball
still comes straight back into your
hands how can this be if you throw the
ball straight up it will eventually fall
back down a tough choice there are only
two barbers in town one has neatly cut
hair and a clean workplace the others
hair is wild and his salon is pretty
dirty which one should you choose to
give you a haircut
[Music]
choose the second barber if there are
only two of them in town they have to
give haircuts to each other also the
mess in the second salon might mean the
barbers too busy serving customers to
clean up dangerous escape Jack is locked
in a room with two doors and no windows
there's nothing inside but it share a
table and a tiny hole in the ceiling
behind the first door there's a venomous
snake the second door leads to a glass
tunnel that magnifies sunlight if Jack
steps inside he won't survive the
blazing temperatures how can a man
escape
[Music]
jack has to wait until it's dark outside
he can check it through the hole in the
ceiling and leave through the glass
tunnel hey if you learned something new
today then give the video online and
share with a friend and here are some
other videos I think you'll enjoy just
click to the left or right and remember
stay on the bright side of life